data/config/README.md, before:

# Configuration Guide

Configuration files for scraping sources and rules.

## Files

- **`scraping_sources.json`**: All sources organized by accessibility and region
- **`scraping_rules.json`**: Patterns for extracting data (deadlines, keywords, dates)

## Structure

```json
{
  "accessible": {
    "job_portals": { ... },
    "regions": {
      "united_states": { ... },
      "mainland_china": { ... },
      "other_countries": { ... }
    }
  },
  "non_accessible": { ... }
}
```

## Adding a Source

1. Add entry to appropriate region in `scraping_sources.json`
2. Run `scripts/scraper/check_config/verify_urls.py` to verify
3. Verified URLs move from `non_accessible` to `accessible`

## Entry Format

```json
{
  "name": "University Name",
  "departments": [{
    "name": "Economics",
    "url": "https://example.edu/jobs",
    "scraping_method": "html_parser"
  }]
}
```

## Current Status

- **176 accessible URLs** (70% success rate)
- **74 non-accessible URLs** (pending verification)

See `docs/SCRAPING_GUIDE.md` for detailed adding instructions.

Commit message:

Enhance URL verification: move invalid URLs to non_accessible, add job content verification
- Updated verify_urls.py to verify URLs in accessible section (not just non_accessible)
- Added job content verification (keywords, job links, PDFs) with scoring system
- Changed behavior: invalid URLs are moved to non_accessible (not deleted)
- Added rule: Only URLs containing relevant job information should be in accessible section
- Updated documentation (README.md, progress, to-do list, structure)
- Enhanced verification: checks for job listings, following links, and PDF detection

data/config/README.md, after:

# Configuration Guide

Configuration files for scraping sources and rules.

## IMPORTANT RULE

**Only URLs containing relevant job information should be in the accessible section.**

URLs in the `accessible` section must:
- Be accessible (HTTP 200 response)
- Contain actual job listings (verified through keyword detection, link analysis, and PDF detection)
- Have a verification score of at least 3 (based on job keywords, job links, and PDFs)

URLs that don't meet these criteria will be moved to the `non_accessible` section during verification.

## Files

- **`scraping_sources.json`**: All sources organized by accessibility and region
- **`scraping_rules.json`**: Patterns for extracting data (deadlines, keywords, dates)

## Structure

```json
{
  "accessible": {
    "job_portals": { ... },
    "regions": {
      "united_states": { ... },
      "mainland_china": { ... },
      "other_countries": { ... }
    }
  },
  "non_accessible": { ... }
}
```

## Adding a Source

1. Add entry to appropriate region in `scraping_sources.json`
2. Run `scripts/scraper/check_config/verify_urls.py` to verify
3. Verified URLs move from `non_accessible` to `accessible`

## Entry Format

```json
{
  "name": "University Name",
  "departments": [{
    "name": "Economics",
    "url": "https://example.edu/jobs",
    "scraping_method": "html_parser"
  }]
}
```

## Current Status

- **176 accessible URLs** (70% success rate)
- **74 non-accessible URLs** (pending verification)

See `docs/SCRAPING_GUIDE.md` for detailed adding instructions.
