data/processed/diagnostics/README.md, before:

# Diagnostic Reports

This directory contains diagnostic reports generated by the processing pipeline.

## 📊 Quick Summary

**Start Here**: [`diagnostics_summary_latest.txt`](diagnostics_summary_latest.txt) - Human-readable summary (most recent)

For a complete overview, start here and use the links below to dive into specific details.

## 📁 Report Files

### Summary Reports
- [`diagnostics_summary_latest.txt`](diagnostics_summary_latest.txt) - Human-readable summary (most recent)
- [`diagnostics_summary_latest.json`](diagnostics_summary_latest.json) - Machine-readable summary (most recent)
- `diagnostics_summary_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.txt` - Timestamped summary (text)
- `diagnostics_summary_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Timestamped summary (JSON)

### Detailed Reports
- [`diagnostics_full_latest.json`](diagnostics_full_latest.json) - Complete diagnostic data (most recent)
- `diagnostics_full_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Timestamped complete diagnostic data

### Category-Specific Reports
- `diagnostics_validation_issues_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Validation errors and issues
- `diagnostics_normalization_issues_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Normalization problems
- `diagnostics_parsing_issues_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Parsing errors

## Understanding the Reports

### Summary Report (`diagnostics_summary_latest.txt`)
Quick overview with:
- Total issues count
- Issues by category (validation, normalization, parsing)
- Most common errors
- Issues by source

### Full Report (`diagnostics_full_latest.json`)
Complete diagnostic data including:
- Summary statistics
- All issues with details
- Root cause analysis
- Category statistics

### Category Reports
Detailed issues for specific categories:
- **Validation Issues**: Schema validation errors, missing required fields, invalid data formats
- **Normalization Issues**: URL resolution problems, date parsing errors, text cleaning issues
- **Parsing Issues**: File read errors, HTML/XML parsing failures

## How to Use

1. **Quick Check**: Read `diagnostics_summary_latest.txt` for a high-level overview
2. **Detailed Analysis**: Open `diagnostics_full_latest.json` for complete data
3. **Specific Issues**: Check category-specific JSON files for targeted problems
4. **Historical Comparison**: Compare timestamped reports to track improvements

## Report Generation

Reports are automatically generated when running the processing pipeline:
```bash
poetry run python scripts/processor/pipeline.py
```

Reports are saved with timestamps to maintain a history of pipeline runs.

Commit message:

Clean up old diagnostic reports and document retention policy
- Deleted old timestamped diagnostic reports (kept only latest from 20260103_153702)
- Updated diagnostics README with file management policy
- Updated read_it.md with clearer diagnostic report retention rules
- Only latest reports are kept to prevent directory accumulation

data/processed/diagnostics/README.md, after:

# Diagnostic Reports

This directory contains diagnostic reports generated by the processing pipeline.

## 📊 Quick Summary

**Start Here**: [`diagnostics_summary_latest.txt`](diagnostics_summary_latest.txt) - Human-readable summary (most recent)

For a complete overview, start here and use the links below to dive into specific details.

## 📁 Report Files

### Summary Reports
- [`diagnostics_summary_latest.txt`](diagnostics_summary_latest.txt) - Human-readable summary (most recent)
- [`diagnostics_summary_latest.json`](diagnostics_summary_latest.json) - Machine-readable summary (most recent)
- `diagnostics_summary_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.txt` - Timestamped summary (text)
- `diagnostics_summary_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Timestamped summary (JSON)

### Detailed Reports
- [`diagnostics_full_latest.json`](diagnostics_full_latest.json) - Complete diagnostic data (most recent)
- `diagnostics_full_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Timestamped complete diagnostic data

### Category-Specific Reports
- `diagnostics_validation_issues_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Validation errors and issues
- `diagnostics_normalization_issues_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Normalization problems
- `diagnostics_parsing_issues_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.json` - Parsing errors

## Understanding the Reports

### Summary Report (`diagnostics_summary_latest.txt`)
Quick overview with:
- Total issues count
- Issues by category (validation, normalization, parsing)
- Most common errors
- Issues by source

### Full Report (`diagnostics_full_latest.json`)
Complete diagnostic data including:
- Summary statistics
- All issues with details
- Root cause analysis
- Category statistics

### Category Reports
Detailed issues for specific categories:
- **Validation Issues**: Schema validation errors, missing required fields, invalid data formats
- **Normalization Issues**: URL resolution problems, date parsing errors, text cleaning issues
- **Parsing Issues**: File read errors, HTML/XML parsing failures

## How to Use

1. **Quick Check**: Read `diagnostics_summary_latest.txt` for a high-level overview
2. **Detailed Analysis**: Open `diagnostics_full_latest.json` for complete data
3. **Specific Issues**: Check category-specific JSON files for targeted problems
4. **Historical Comparison**: Compare timestamped reports to track improvements

## Report Generation

Reports are automatically generated when running the processing pipeline:
```bash
poetry run python scripts/processor/pipeline.py
```

## File Management

**Important**: Only the latest diagnostic reports are kept in this directory.

- **Latest reports**: Files with `_latest` suffix (e.g., `diagnostics_summary_latest.txt`) always point to the most recent run
- **Timestamped reports**: Only the most recent timestamped files are kept (format: `diagnostics_*_YYYYMMDD_HHMMSS.*`)
- **Old reports**: Automatically cleaned up - old timestamped files are deleted when new reports are generated
- **This ensures**: The directory doesn't accumulate old diagnostic reports over time

See `read_it.md` for the complete diagnostic report management policy.
