conversation_cursor/progress/latest.md, before:

# Progress: High-Level Pipeline

## Pipeline Overview

The project follows a **Load → Transform → Export** workflow structure for aggregating economics faculty job listings.

## What We've Accomplished

### ✅ Phase 0: Project Setup (COMPLETED)
**Status**: All tasks completed
- [x] Project structure designed and documented
- [x] Complete folder structure created (data/, scripts/, templates/, static/, environment/)
- [x] Poetry virtual environment set up and dependencies installed
- [x] Documentation framework established (read_it.md, .cursorrules, README.md)
- [x] Progress tracking system established (progress, structure, to-do lists)
- [x] Test structure created with phase-based subfolders
- **To-Do List**: `2025-12-31_project-setup.md` (all tasks completed)

## What's Next

### 🔄 Phase 1: LOAD - Data Collection (IN PROGRESS)
**Status**: Configuration setup completed, scripts updated for new structure, ready for HTML parsing analysis

**High-Level Accomplishments**:
- [x] Scraping strategy proposal created and approved
- [x] Comprehensive scraping sources configuration created (250+ URLs across multiple regions)
- [x] URL verification system implemented with Chinese keyword detection
- [x] Configuration structure optimized (accessible/non_accessible organization)
- [x] Scripts updated to work with new config structure (verify_urls.py, download_samples.py)
- [x] 171/250 URLs verified as accessible (68% success rate)

**Coverage**:
- Mainland China: 100 universities
- United States: ~60 universities
- Other Countries: UK, Canada, Australia (20), Germany, France, Netherlands, Singapore, Switzerland
- Research institutes and think tanks: 6+ institutes

**Next Steps**:
- [ ] Download sample HTML files from accessible URLs
- [ ] Analyze HTML structures to compare parsing approaches
- [ ] Choose optimal parsing approach
- [ ] Create base scraper framework
- [ ] Implement AEA JOE scraper (priority)

- **To-Do List**: `2025-12-31_load-data-collection.md`
- **Proposal**: `conversation_cursor/dates/2025-12-31/design-scraping-strategy.md`

### ⏸️ Phase 2: TRANSFORM - Data Processing (PENDING)
**Status**: Waiting for Phase 1
- [ ] HTML/XML parser implementation
- [ ] Data normalizer implementation
- [ ] Deduplicator implementation
- [ ] Data schema definition and validation
- **To-Do List**: To be created as `YYYY-MM-DD_transform-data-processing.md` when Phase 2 begins

### ⏸️ Phase 3: EXPORT - Output Generation (PENDING)
**Status**: Waiting for Phase 2
- [ ] HTML template creation
- [ ] HTML generator implementation
- [ ] JSON/CSV generator implementation
- [ ] Webpage styling completion
- **To-Do List**: To be created as `YYYY-MM-DD_export-output-generation.md` when Phase 3 begins

## Pipeline Flow

```
[✅ COMPLETED] Setup → [🔄 NEXT] Load → [⏸️ PENDING] Transform → [⏸️ PENDING] Export
```

## Current Focus

**Phase 1: LOAD - Data Collection** is in progress. Configuration setup is complete. Next: HTML parsing approach analysis and scraper framework development.

Commit message:

Add Phase 4: DEPLOY - Deployment & Automation, move URL verification to Phase 4
- Added Phase 4 after export phase for deployment and automation tasks
- Moved ongoing URL verification and maintenance to Phase 4
- Updated pipeline flow to include Deploy phase
- Phase 4 includes: web hosting, automation, monitoring, URL verification maintenance

conversation_cursor/progress/latest.md, after:

# Progress: High-Level Pipeline

## Pipeline Overview

The project follows a **Load → Transform → Export** workflow structure for aggregating economics faculty job listings.

## What We've Accomplished

### ✅ Phase 0: Project Setup (COMPLETED)
**Status**: All tasks completed
- [x] Project structure designed and documented
- [x] Complete folder structure created (data/, scripts/, templates/, static/, environment/)
- [x] Poetry virtual environment set up and dependencies installed
- [x] Documentation framework established (read_it.md, .cursorrules, README.md)
- [x] Progress tracking system established (progress, structure, to-do lists)
- [x] Test structure created with phase-based subfolders
- **To-Do List**: `2025-12-31_project-setup.md` (all tasks completed)

## What's Next

### 🔄 Phase 1: LOAD - Data Collection (IN PROGRESS)
**Status**: Configuration setup completed, scripts updated for new structure, ready for HTML parsing analysis

**High-Level Accomplishments**:
- [x] Scraping strategy proposal created and approved
- [x] Comprehensive scraping sources configuration created (250+ URLs across multiple regions)
- [x] URL verification system implemented with Chinese keyword detection
- [x] Configuration structure optimized (accessible/non_accessible organization)
- [x] Scripts updated to work with new config structure (verify_urls.py, download_samples.py)
- [x] 171/250 URLs verified as accessible (68% success rate)

**Coverage**:
- Mainland China: 100 universities
- United States: ~60 universities
- Other Countries: UK, Canada, Australia (20), Germany, France, Netherlands, Singapore, Switzerland
- Research institutes and think tanks: 6+ institutes

**Next Steps**:
- [ ] Download sample HTML files from accessible URLs
- [ ] Analyze HTML structures to compare parsing approaches
- [ ] Choose optimal parsing approach
- [ ] Create base scraper framework
- [ ] Implement AEA JOE scraper (priority)

- **To-Do List**: `2025-12-31_load-data-collection.md`
- **Proposal**: `conversation_cursor/dates/2025-12-31/design-scraping-strategy.md`

### ⏸️ Phase 2: TRANSFORM - Data Processing (PENDING)
**Status**: Waiting for Phase 1
- [ ] HTML/XML parser implementation
- [ ] Data normalizer implementation
- [ ] Deduplicator implementation
- [ ] Data schema definition and validation
- **To-Do List**: To be created as `YYYY-MM-DD_transform-data-processing.md` when Phase 2 begins

### ⏸️ Phase 3: EXPORT - Output Generation (PENDING)
**Status**: Waiting for Phase 2
- [ ] HTML template creation
- [ ] HTML generator implementation
- [ ] JSON/CSV generator implementation
- [ ] Webpage styling completion
- **To-Do List**: To be created as `YYYY-MM-DD_export-output-generation.md` when Phase 3 begins

### ⏸️ Phase 4: DEPLOY - Deployment & Automation (PENDING)
**Status**: Waiting for Phase 3
- [ ] Web hosting setup and configuration
- [ ] Automated scheduling system implementation
- [ ] Daily/weekly scraping automation
- [ ] Ongoing URL verification and maintenance (verify more URLs, update non-accessible URLs)
- [ ] Error monitoring and alerting
- [ ] Performance optimization
- [ ] Backup and recovery procedures
- [ ] Documentation for deployment and operations
- **To-Do List**: To be created as `YYYY-MM-DD_deploy-automation.md` when Phase 4 begins

## Pipeline Flow

```
[✅ COMPLETED] Setup → [🔄 NEXT] Load → [⏸️ PENDING] Transform → [⏸️ PENDING] Export → [⏸️ PENDING] Deploy
```

## Current Focus

**Phase 1: LOAD - Data Collection** is in progress. Configuration setup is complete. Next: HTML parsing approach analysis and scraper framework development.

## Future Phases

**Phase 4: DEPLOY - Deployment & Automation** will handle web hosting, automated scheduling, monitoring, and ongoing maintenance of the job aggregator system.
